enh(admin_manual): Add docs for recognize (#11731)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/ai/app_recognize.rst

======================================
App: Recognize
======================================

.. _ai-app-recognize:

> The *recognize* app provides media tagging and face recognition functionality for the photos app. *Recognize* can group similar faces on user's photos ("face recognition"); it can add fitting tags to photos detecting landscapes, food, vehicles, buildings animals and other objects, as well as known landmarks and monuments; it can recognize music genres in user's audio files and adds tags for those; it can recognize human actions on user's video files and add tags for them. It specifically runs only open source models and does so entirely on-premises. Nextcloud can provide customer support upon request, please talk to your account manager for the possibilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *recognize* app provides media tagging and face recognition functionality for the photos app. *Recognize* can group similar faces on user's photos (aka "face recognition"); it can add fitting tags to photos detecting landscapes, food, vehicles, buildings animals and other objects, as well as known landmarks and monuments; it can recognize music genres in user's audio files and adds tags for those; it can recognize human actions on user's video files and add tags for them. It specifically runs only open source models and does so entirely on-premises. Nextcloud can provide customer support upon request, please talk to your account manager for the possibilities.
```

Front-end
---------

Tagged files will appear in the Photos app under the "Tags" section as well as in the normal Files app. Face recognition results will appear under the "People" section in the Photos app.

Requirements
------------

* Nextcloud AIO is not supported but will likely work at sub optimal speed

> * Minimal Nextcloud version: 26

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Minimum supported Nextcloud version: 26
```

> * at least ~4GB of RAM dedicated for recognize

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* At least ~4GB of RAM dedicated for recognize
```

* x86 CPU
* GNU lib C
* Background Jobs must be executed via cron

> * Using GPU processing is supported, but not required; be prepared for slow performance unless you are using GPU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Using GPU processing is supported, but not required; slow performance is expected if you are not using a GPU
```

* We currently only support NVIDIA GPUs

> * For GPU support you need to install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For GPU support you need to install:
```

   * NVIDIA® GPU drivers version 450.80.02 or higher.
   * CUDA® Toolkit 11.x
   * cuDNN SDK 8.x

* GPU Sizing

>    * The models used by recognize should run on most semi modern GPUs

Reviewer: Any example or model range?

* CPU Sizing

   * If you don't have a GPU, this app will utilize your CPU cores
   * The more cores you have and the more powerful the CPU the better, we recommend 10-20 cores
   * In the app settings you can set the number of cores to use

> Space usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disk space usage
```

~~~~~~~~~~~

 * ~1.5GB for all models in total

Installation
------------

1. Install the *recognize* app via the "Apps" page in Nextcloud, or by executing

   occ app:enable recognize

2. Execute the following command on your server terminal of each node that runs background jobs

   occ recognize:download-models

3. Go to your Nextcloud Administration settings and open the *recognize* admin settings page
4. Enable all modes of operation that you want the app to undertake
5. Enable GPU mode if you have a GPU that you want to use; if you want to use CPU only, you can set the number of cores to use here

> 6. Execute the following command on your server terminal to stop background processing of existing files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Execute the following command on your server terminal to stop background processing of existing files:
```

   occ recognize:clear-background-jobs

7. Execute the following command on your server terminal to process all existing files in bulk (This may take a long time, depending on how many files you have on your instance):

   occ recognize:classify

> 8. Execute the following command on your server terminal to calculate face clusters from faces found in all existing files. Run this repeatedly until no more clusters are found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Execute the following command on your server terminal to calculate face clusters from faces found in all existing files (Run this repeatedly until no more clusters are found):
```
